the most common crime that I see. Um, not so much in the nuclear field,
because we were, you know, smacked on a hand about that. But ever
since I became a reservist and going forward, um, in electrical side
not to put them on blast. But I Honestly, I just see more. See it more
common is negligence. It's when your gun decking gun decking means
that you have, like, some some task that you're supposed to do and
like, let's say it's you're supposed to look at all the fire hydrants
and make sure that, um, they're they're cleaned and you're supposed
to, right? Yeah, sure. Like like I actually looked at it and it
could be many of them, you know, it could be 100 of them. Um, some of
them are hard to find or some of them, Uh, maybe you're just lazy
that day, and you can kind of, like, sign sign it off as being complete.
You'll get it on the next round. And that does happen. Um, as a
chief, you just have to make sure that you spot check these things
and and there's a whole pro program about that. Where where leaders
Ah, look at random things and make sure that, you know, like, um, everything
is being done to completion, but they still find them. Um,
those people still get in trouble, but that's the number one thing that
you have to be aware of as a leader.